chore: delete and edit changesets (#7714)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/heavy-eyes-live.md

'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Fixed the used `headingLevel` in the `post-accordion-item` component. The component now uses the value from its closest `post-accordion` parent component, if this is specified and falls back to `h2` if not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `post-accordion-item` heading level is now inherited from the parent `post-accordion` component, falling back to `h2` by default.
```
